docs: add process for updating translations (#876)
ripple/explorer: docs/translating.md

# Translating the Application

## How Languages Are Defined

1. Add the new language code and language name to the map `supportedLanguages` in [/src/i18n/baseConfig.ts](../src/i18n/baseConfig.ts)
2. Create a folder in [/public/locales/](../public/locales) with the language code as its name.
3. Add a new file, `translations.json`, to the new folder.
4. Translate all the entries.  If you prefer to use the English version just set the value to `null`.

   Example file: [/public/locales/ja-JP/translations.json](../public/locales/ja-JP/translations.json)

## Updating Existing Translations

> When making changes to the base (English) language file follow the ?

Reviewer: What does the "?" mean?

Author: Addressed in 3adc028777c037d5e972b557ebd0f75e63fffbec.

### New Entry
1. Create entry in `en-US/translations.json`

> 2. Add an entry to all other `translation.json` files with a value of `null`

Reviewer: This phrasing is a bit ambiguous - it could mean only add an entry if there is a value of null in the other translation.json files. (Was a bit confused when I read it, even though with an understanding of what's going on that other interpretation doesn't make sense. Hopefully this makes it more clear though)
```suggestion
2. Add an entry to all other `translation.json` files. Set the value to be `null` (which means it will default to using the English version)
```

Author: Addressed in 3adc028777c037d5e972b557ebd0f75e63fffbec.

## Existing Entry
1. Update the entry in `en-US/translations.json`

> 2. Update other `translation.json` files
>    - Leave entry as is if the string does not change materially. ex. "Please check your transaction hash" => "Please check your transaction hash or CTID."
>    - Set the value to `null` in all other language files to fallback to new English string

Reviewer: Since similar content doesn't require any further action, I recommend updating the steps to "lead with action / decisions" (and then provide the additional context afterwards). That way key steps aren't lost in the sub-bullet section.
```suggestion
2. If the entry has a new meaning than before, set the value to `null` in all other `translation.json` files. 
  - If the meaning does NOT change materially, you can leave them as is. Ex. "Please check your transaction hash" => "Please check your transaction hash or CTID."

*Note that changing a translation to `null` causes it to fallback to the English version, and is a signal to language contributors that they may want to provide a fresh localization.*
```

Author: Addressed in 3adc028777c037d5e972b557ebd0f75e63fffbec.
